[Music]
what's that what your body parts say
about your inner self yeah and if you
actually hear your body parts talking to
you then you might actually need some
psychological help each of us has a
unique set of DNA that gives us certain
physical traits but according to some
scientists things like your face shape
eye color and fingers can say a lot more
about your personality keep watching to
find out more and don't forget to hit
that subscribe button and ring the
notification bell to join us on the
bright side
[Music]
number one nose shape according to the
2013 study published in the Journal of
cranial facial surgery
hey I have a subscription don't you well
it says that the tissue that forms the
shape of your nose can convey a number
of things about your personality the
researchers studied almost 1,700
pictures of different people's noses and
categorize them all into 14 times they
also found the following connections
between nose shape and personality
traits people with long noses are really
ambitious and hard-working
they're usually perfectionist and tend
to put their professional life ahead of
their personal life short-nosed
individuals can be very sensitive and
loyal they value feelings more than
anything and they'd rather be happy with
their family then climb to the top of
the career ladder those with pointy
noses usually make great financial
advisers because they tend to handle
their money very wisely I guess you
think Gringotts Bank and Harry Potter
here
if you have a perfectly straight Greek
nose you're probably intelligent logical
and super reliable as for those adorable
button noses they speak of a caring
loving and optimistic nature but these
people can get pretty emotional at times
[Music]
big nostrils are a sign that someone
likes to spend money rather than saving
it small nostrils on the other hand show
a strong commitment to personal
relationships and family number two face
shape a 2014 study carried out by Czech
researchers at Charles University in
Prague explored what's known as
perceived intelligence the research
involved 160 participants who were asked
to guess the IQ of 80 students both male
and female through their photographs
alone with a good degree of accuracy the
group who rated the photos came to the
following conclusions people with long
faces are highly intelligent individuals
a narrow face structure is a sign of a
more emotional rather than an
intelligent individual people with wide
faces are emotionless and highly
successful in life number 3 I color yes
I do in coloring books typically now you
might agree or disagree with
Shakespeare's famous quote the eyes are
the window to your soul but it looks
like the great playwright has science on
his side in a 2007 study conducted at
Sweden's or Ebro University scientists
analyzed the eyes of 428 individuals
alongside their personality traits in
order to determine whether a person's
eyes reflect their character the
researchers claimed that both
personality and eye structure are linked
to the frontal lobe of the brain which
is responsible for forming our
personality as for eye color
people with brown eyes are natural-born
leaders and highly intelligent
individuals extreme dark brown eyes are
a sign of an introverted mysterious and
secretive nature blue eyes show a lot of
inner strength and a very competitive
nature if the eye color is a darker
shade of blue
this person possesses a lot of physical
strength and is very sensitive gray ice
can be a sign of a well-balanced person
these individuals also care a lot about
what other people think of them and they
work hard to be liked by everyone
people with green eyes can be agreeable
and dominant like brown eyed individuals
yet strong and cautious like those with
blue eyes plus green is considered a
super sexy and alluring eye color by
many sounds like a win/win/win to me as
for people with hazel eyes they feel
unique from an early age on the outside
they appear to be independent confident
and spontaneous but their true inner
nature and intentions are hard to pin
down
number four eye shape for thousands of
years Chinese face reading experts
believe that the shape of your eyes can
accurately show the hidden qualities of
your character this has to do with the
bone structure of the skull people with
wide eyes tend to be more expressive and
emotional in their personal life they're
very detail-oriented and generally like
to be cautious individuals with big eyes
are open-minded intelligent and friendly
when someone's eyes are small and wide
it can mean that they're introverted
perfectionists people with deep set eyes
tend to be mysterious observant and
intense while those with close-set eyes
are very persistent individuals almond
shaped eyes convey passion
romance aah number five lips did you
know that your lips have their own
unique print just like your fingertips
they also reveal quite a lot about your
personality traits if you know how to
read them
gene Haner an expert in face reading and
author of successful psychology books
found that your lips affect your
personality the way you feel about
others and how you behave
basically your lips show your emotional
side and how you act in personal
relationships people with medium-sized
lips that have no exaggerated features
tend to be independent in their
relationships appreciate affection but
can't stand drama larger lips can show
an individual who is very nurturing
toward others and puts everyone else's
needs first people who have wide lips
tend to be generous and outgoing they
also like catering to their loved ones
needs people with thin lips are known to
be more competitive
they sometimes prefer to be alone but
they also like to be recognized by
others for their strong personality
traits number 6 July now a sharp or
defined jawline is considered one of the
most attractive features on a person's
face especially for men so it might come
as no surprise that a sharper jawline is
connected with higher levels of the male
hormone according to a 2013 study
conducted by UK and u.s. psychologists
people with a wider face and more
defined jaw had higher levels of
testosterone which can affect one's
personality quite a lot the researchers
found that these individuals tend to
have more aggressive personalities and
are more likely to become violent a
sharper jawline can also be indicative
of a person who's a little more on the
arrogant side
the study concluded that the more
defined a person's jawline is the more
intense their personality can be due to
the high levels of testosterone number
seven hands according to the American
Academy of hand analysis yes there is
such a thing your hands have a unique
structure that's almost impossible to
find in someone else's one thing you can
examine is the distance between your
fingers the best way to check for
yourself
is to hold your dominant hand up to your
eye level with a palm facing towards you
if your fingers seem far apart from each
other this means that you love exploring
and having no experiences as for fingers
that are positioned close together it
shows a more cautious nature but you're
probably well organized and if you have
a lot of webbing between your fingers
you're probably a really good swimmer no
not really
number eight finger length since you're
already checking out your hands and
fingers here's something else to
consider according to a 1998 study by
researchers from the School of
Biological Sciences at the University of
Liverpool the length of your fingers
shows the levels of testosterone you
were exposed to in the womb it can also
reveal a lot about your inner self if
your ring finger is longer than your
index finger this means you've got a lot
of charm you tend to take more risks in
both your personal and professional life
[Music]
if your index finger is longer than your
ring finger you're probably a
natural-born leader and finally if your
ring finger and index finger are of the
same length
you're a good communicator and you know
how to keep balance boy I gotta hand it
to you
[Music]
so was this information pretty accurate
for you let us know down in the comments
be sure to give this video a like share
it with your friends and click subscribe
to stay on the bright side of life